So to also practice inheritance again,
let's add a base class and you can name it however you want, I'll name it component,
I like this name for a class that in the end is related to controlling parts of the DOM
but you can name it however you want.
I'll name it component and I will take detach and attach,
cut it from the tooltip and move it into component, though the attach method here now doesn't really
look the way I want it to look, it should look a bit different,
it should in the end just be concerned about appending something, so we'll actually cut this part here again
from attach,
go back to the tooltip and there, add a create or render or however you want to call it method where I now
add this again and now in the tooltip, I want to call this create from inside the constructor so that
this always runs when this class is instantiated. There I then build my tooltip,
the only thing which I don't do here is I don't attach it but I store it here in this element
property and that's also important because I'll be referring to this element property in attach here
and now I just need to extend component here on my tooltip class so that we have access to these two
methods here
and as you learned, this inside of these methods will then always refer to the subclass,
so that will work fine,
this element will be set there when detach is called,
same for when this method is called. Only adjustment here is of course that we need to append this element
because that's the element we're setting here,
that is our tooltip element and therefore with that, we only have to do one more thing, we have to call
super in here to call the base class in our own constructor,
if you added your own constructor and you're extending another class, you need to call super in your
own constructor
and once you did that, we can reload and click on more info and this should still work as before,
also the prevention of opening multiple tooltips works fine and therefore, this now works
and we have more generic class. Now the generic class right now isn't doing too many useful things arguably,
so we can at least improve this a little bit,
for example we can add an if check here and check if this element is defined and only try to remove
it in that case because otherwise there is nothing to remove, just an extra sanity check
you could say and also be a bit more flexible regarding how elements are attached.
I'll add a constructor here to this component and there, I expect to get my host element ID let's say
and also maybe an insert before argument and set this to false as a default though
and then here, check if host element ID is set,
so if this is passed in or if it is null or any other falsy value then set this host element equal
to document get element by ID,
so for the case that host element ID is not falsy, if it is falsy
however in the else case, I'll add a new property host element as well but then I'll set it to document
body
so that we say we could also pass in any other element, any other identifier ID for an element in
the DOM but if we don't pass in the host element ID, we just fall back to using the document body to
then append this element which is getting created, which is getting attached and detached. And in addition,
insert before can be used, we can store this also in a property, so store insert before in this insert before
and now we can use this in attach to not always use document body append but instead use this
host element to begin with and then use insert adjacent element actually and check if this insert before
is true, if it is, use before begin here,
otherwise use before end for example
and of course you could also be more flexible regarding what you accept here as an argument,
I'm happy with these two options that I can use here and then add the element there.
So now we have a more flexible attach method here which makes our component more generic and useful
in a couple of use cases, not just in the use case where we want to append something at the end of our
document body because now we can use any element and there in that element, we can add it at the beginning
or the end,
so that's a lot of control we added here.
Now we just have to adjust our tooltip, there I called super and super now expects arguments.
Now if we pass in null here for a host element ID, we'll fall back to document body,
if we pass in null or nothing for insert before, we'll stick to false which means it will be added to
the end
and since this is exactly what I want, I want to add it in the document body and I want to add it at the
end, we can indeed call super like this without any values because I'm fine with the defaults which are
then getting assumed.
So if I now reload here, we click more info again,
it works like before but the cool thing is we could now also add some ID,
for example here add active projects and now you will see if I save that and I reload, now it would be
added here at the bottom of the active projects container.
Of course that's not what I want here but it shows that our generic method works.
In addition if I add true here as a second argument, we would add it at the beginning so if we now reload,
it would be added here before our active projects container
and actually that shows me that it's not entirely what I want, I should change this here to after begin
because I want to add it at the beginning of the container, not outside of that container,
so not before that container but inside of the container
but there, right at the start and that is what after begin will do.
So with that, let's reload and retry,
now this is getting added inside of this active projects container, at the very beginning but inside.
Now again, this is not what I want here,
so I will remove both from my super call but for testing this, it was useful and now we have this more
generic component which also allowed us to practice inheritance again.